# Architect Installtion

**Requires Decent Internet Connection**
  
Manjaro Architect is an alternate installation method that offers customizability. Unlike the other Manjaro disk images, Manjaro Architect has a TUI[1] installation process. It is quite advance, as you have to manually perform the base operations of installing Linux. However, don't worry. Manjaro provides you will all the necessary tools. With a bit of patience, anyone can do it. You will also learn quite a lot about Linux, which is great! This knowledge comes in handy when something break. Since you seated it up in the first place, you know how to fix it!
  
Since installing via Manjaro Architect is no trivial process, here's a [detailed article](https://forum.manjaro.org/t/installation-with-manjaro-architect-iso/20429) written by the Manjaro Team on how to proceed with your installation!


## References:
1. TUI, CLI, and GUI. What's the difference between them? CLI (Command Line Interface) refer to an application that only displays text. You interact with them by sending commands. TUI (Text User Interface) is a "upgraded" version of the CLI. TUI applications display only text. But the twist uses special characters to create a _menu_. You usually interact with TUIs using the arrow keys and the enter key. GUI (Graphics User Interface) refers to an application that display windows and has clickable buttons. In the modern world, most applications in Windows and MacOS are GUIs. You normally interact with them with the mouse. 
